Student Name: Yusuf Bilgich
Student ID: 11848141

Assignment: CYA-1

This deliverable includes Resume and Cover letter specifically tailored to apply for the Classroom Tech Support position at PIAT (Pullman Integrated Academic Technologies).

-Reflection-
This semester, I have applied and was consequently hired as a Classroom Tech Support at PIAT, WSU's Academic Technology help department.
I saw this as a great opportunity to extend my resume and add more field-relevant job experience to improve my chances at getting hired at
my dream job in the future.

At PIAT, our main goal includes covering phones where we usually get calls from the instructors from all over the campus who are having technical
difficulty operating the technological devices situated in our classrooms. We have access to certain portals such as RealVNC where we have real-time
access to computers and can remote in and control the devices, Ovrc which controls the outlets devices are plugged in via LAN to manually reboot
without the need to be there in person, Jira, our ticketing system where we can manage interdepartmental requests and track our progress for ongoing
problems reported, and many other tools to help us keep the tech in our campus functioning.

This position is also very important to me because it is not only helping me improve the skills directly related with my field, but it also helps with
soft skills, such as team communication and leadership attributes. Over the spring break, I was scheduled for 40 hours full-time work, and I had the
chance to lead my own team. Even though I'm not exactly a veteran at this position, because of my high sense of responsibility and taking on more tasks
I caught the attention of my supervisor, and she decided to give me an elevated position where I had the opportunity to lead a team. I was calling the
shots on what to do and how to proceed when they faced certain problems they couldn't resolve. I value experiences like this highly and I'm glad to have
a chance to prove myself when put on the spot like that.

This adventure started with me applying for it thanks to the guidelines of this course, otherwise I may have never looked into opportunities available
on campus. I already have plans for the next CYA where I actually plan to apply for an internship at my dream job, and thanks to the great experience
I'm having at my current job, I feel like I've got the odds in my favor! /385 words
