Student Name: Yusuf Bilgich
Student ID: 11848141

Assignment: CYA-2

This deliverable includes a Resume and Cover letter specifically tailored to apply for the Software Engineering Internship position at NortonLifeLock, a leading cyber security firm under Gen Digital.

-Reflection-
This semester, I am taking the next big step in my career by executing the plan I had in my mind for a LONG time now:
applying for an internship at a GEN Digital! I chose the Software Engineering Internship at NortonLifeLock because I personally
use this product (and actually many other GEN digital products like Norton security and antivirus) and find it very useful
for me. I know many people find this product "not necessary" or "not good enough" but I know I got what it takes to make it
better and a household name. If I can get my enthusiasm accross their TA (talent acquisition) team I am very confident that
I will get the job and secure a great position.

My current job at PIAT also gives me extra strength because I was able to garner real-life hands-on experience with both the
software side and the hardware side at a large applicational setting, like as it is at WSU (our customer base spans over 30,000+
members including all of students, teachers, other educational staff, etc.). I am much more familiar with widely used systems
such as Jira for proper ticketing and due process when the team size is larger. I am assuming the working environment at NortonLifeLock
will also be quite larger than many other jobs. This means that I have an edge over other candidates who would need extra time to
get themselves familiar with these systems.

Overall, I see myself as a very strong candidate for this position which is over the summer and in-person in Tempe, Arizona.
This class has really helped me get my things together and prepare a servicable resume. Also I was able to apply for these amazing
opportunities which I might not have even looked for otherwise. I am hopeful I could get this job and intern at a very large
firm leading in its industry. If it doesn't work out, it's still fine because I have the foundations ready to keep applying
for other jobs, and I know that I will get one of them! /346 words